Add breaking label (#95)
neo4j/docs-tools: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

- label:infinigraph[] list item with label
- List item without label

[role=label--breaking]
== Breaking change label (no version)

=== Changes in version X.Y.Z
- label:breaking[] This single feature is a breaking change.

[role=label--breaking-2026.06]
== Breaking change label (with version)

=== Changes

> - label:breaking-2026.06[] This single feature is a breaking change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- label:breaking[Breaking change in 2026.01] This single feature is a breaking change.
```

For the inline label I'm pretty sure we have to only use the label name as defined and provide the explicit text
